=================
Pop Release 7.0.0
=================

The Plugin Oriented Programming implementation has reached version 7.0.0!

The main highlight of this release is the addition of contract sigs. This
new interface allows for contracts to enforce plugin implementation on
a granular level.

The main deprecation of this release is that the `tools` sub has been
renamed to `pop`. This is a serious breaking change as if affects all
pop based software, but since we are early on here, now is the time!

Contract Signatures
===================

Contract Signatures or `sigs` allow for plugin interfaces to be defined
and enforced via the contract system. This makes it so that a plugin
will fail to load if it does not implement the function signature that
is defined in the contract.

Contract Signatures also enforce python typing annotations. This
allows for very granular typing to be mandated for defined
interfaces.

Take a look at the new contracts document for more details

Removal of the functions Interface From Contracts
=================================================

The original implementation of contracts looked for a function called
`functions` which would return a list of required functions for a
contracted plugin to implement. With the introduction of sigs this feature
is completely superseded and is no longer needed.

Change tools to pop
===================

In older docs and releases the `tools` sub is automatically added when
a new hub is created. We decided to change the name of `tools` to `pop`.
This is a serious breaking change, but this is very early in the development
of pop and so this is the time to do it!

To fix your existing code just grep for `hub.tools` and replace them with
refs to `hub.pop`.
