=================
Pop Release 7.1.0
=================

This release comes with a few fixes and minor additions.

Fix to Sigs System
==================

This release fixes an oversight in the sigs system to allow for
better enforcement of sigs. There was a situation with args that
was being missed.

Given the extensive possibilities when matching `*args` and
`**kwargs` in options I suspect that there will be a couple more
minor findings before sigs is perfected. But with that said I am
not currently aware of any issues.

Addition of Static Build System
===============================

Also we have added a system to `pop-seed` that will build a single
binary from a pop project. The new `build.py` script will be added
to projects by the pop-seed command.

This new script will download and install the needed tools to build
the single binary into a venv. This system uses PyInstaller and
compensates for some of the things that PyInstaller has trouble handling
for pop projects where we manipulate the import system so much.

Addition of Logging into the conf System
========================================

Now when you call `hub.pop.conf.integrate` there is a new option, `logs`.
If `logs` is set to True then logging options will be added to your
configuration options and a logger will be set up and made available to
use just by adding `import logging; log = logging.getLogger(__name__)` to
your plugins!

The logging system in pop is of course... Pluggable! So it is easy to add
more powerful plugins for kore advanced logging int he future.

